naming guidelines (#8238)
kubernetes/community: committee-steering/governance/project-naming.md

# Project Naming

> The Kubernetes project has historically named most of our components/projects with a "kube" substring like `kube-proxy`, `kubectl`, `kube-apiserver`, `kube-controller-manager`, `kube-scheduler`, `minikube`, ...

Reviewer: Nit: can you line wrap?

Author: 🤷‍♂️ , this is the sort of thing we should automate with a fixed length if we want it, IMHO.
I left this as one line/list for easier editing.

Author: leaving this TODO to come back and fixup later, pending any other fixes (I will squash/fixup the others and update this)

"Kubernetes" and "K8s" are registered [trademarks under the Linux Foundation](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademarks).

> We recommend *but do not require* Kubernetes SIGS consider leveraging these when naming new subprojects, to further identify as an official project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend *but do not require* Kubernetes SIGs consider leveraging these when naming new subprojects, to further identify as an official project.
```

> We ask that third-party projects refrain from confusing names that sound like an official Kubernetes subproject, IE "kube", "k8s", "kubernetes" substrings and pick some alternate creative name, with a notable exception for [Conformant Distros](https://www.cncf.io/training/certification/software-conformance/). Many existing projects have not done this, and we are not seeking to alter them, but do remember that "k8s" and "kubernetes" are protected trademarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask that third-party projects refrain from using confusing names that sound like an official Kubernetes subproject, i.e. "kube", "k8s", "kubernetes" substrings and pick some alternate creative name, with a notable exception for [Conformant Distros](https://www.cncf.io/training/certification/software-conformance/). Many existing projects have not done this, and we are not seeking to alter them, but do remember that "k8s" and "kubernetes" are protected trademarks.
```
